# InfoDumps
The "InfoDumps" directory within this repository contains documentation on various random things in relation to the video game *The Simpsons: Hit & Run* that I feel comfortable writing about. 
The documentation is viewable on-site in the browser. 
This is supposed to be a sharable/copyable, imperfect, improved-when-possible resource that is helpful or at least interesting to some others.
Credit to [**Donut Team/community**](https://donutteam.com) for years of research and knowledge and tools that have helped me over time.

## List of InfoDumps resources, in creation/addition order
- [**RadGameScriptFunctionality.md ->**](InfoDumps/RadGameScriptFunctionality.md) Script CON/MFK text files and the functions/arguments callable within them.
- [**VehicleConfigurations.csv ->**](InfoDumps/VehicleConfigurations.csv) Tabled dumps of vanilla ".CON" script vehicle configurations.
- [**TrafficDensity.csv ->**](InfoDumps/TrafficDensity.csv) Table of occasions where the vanilla game changes how much road traffic is active at once.
- [**RadSound4Format.md ->**](InfoDumps/RadSound4Format.md) General technical information about TS:H&R ".rsd" files and usage of them.
- [**IdleAnimations.csv ->**](InfoDumps/IdleAnimations.csv) Table of vanilla character idle animations, inclusive of character clothings.
- [**MusicTrackUsage.txt ->**](InfoDumps/MusicTrackUsage.txt) List of music tracks/usage by Level (generated by [SHR-GetMusicTrackInfo](https://github.com/CelestialAddy/SHR-GetMusicTrackInfo)); notes if unused/unreachable.
- [**MusicTrackUsage.md ->**](InfoDumps/MusicTrackUsage.md) Same data as above, but as a formatted document.
- [**MusicTrackUsage.csv ->**](InfoDumps/MusicTrackUsage.csv) Same data as above, but as a table; "*" indicates unused/unreachable.
- [**UnusedMusicTracks.md ->**](InfoDumps/UnusedMusicTracks.md) List of/documentation on entirely and/or case-specific unused music tracks.
- [**WorldRegions.csv ->**](InfoDumps/WorldRegions.csv) Table of Level world regions and expanded names/descriptions.
- [**VehicleStatStars.csv ->**](InfoDumps/VehicleStatStars.csv) Table of vehicle Phone Booth/vendor purchase statistic star ratings.
- [**TrafficComposition.csv ->**](InfoDumps/TrafficComposition.csv) Table of traffic vehicles/appearance settings by Level.
- [**DriverSuppression.csv ->**](InfoDumps/DriverSuppression.csv) Table of dis/allowed player vehicle drivers by Level/type ("D"=driver, "C"=character, "_"=neither); notes repeats.
- [**AmbienceEvents.csv ->**](InfoDumps/AmbienceEvents.csv) Table of ambience events/tied regions, streams, and other parameters (LT0 Bind = N* = also plays music track).
- [**PedestrianGroups.csv ->**](InfoDumps/PedestrianGroups.csv) Table of each Level's pedestrian groups' compositions and trigger spots.
- [**VehicleSounds.csv ->**](InfoDumps/VehicleSounds.csv) Table of every vehicle's assigned sound resources and RSD files.
- [**UnusedVehicleSounds.md ->**](InfoDumps/UnusedVehicleSounds.md) List of unused vehicle sound resources and RSD files.

---

